Adds README and CONTRIBUTING (#11)
wordpress-mobile/MediaEditor-iOS: README.md

# MediaEditor

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/wordpress-mobile/MediaEditor-iOS.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/wordpress-mobile/MediaEditor-iOS) [![Version](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/v/MediaEditor.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/MediaEditor) [![License](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/l/MediaEditor.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/MediaEditor) [![Platform](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/p/MediaEditor.svg?style=flat)](http://cocoadocs.org/docsets/MediaEditor) [![Carthage compatible](https://img.shields.io/badge/Carthage-compatible-4BC51D.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage)

> Media Editor is an open-source and extendable Swift-library that allows you to add the feature of editing images in your app. You can edit single or multiple images, from the device's library or any other source. It has been designed to feel natural and part of the OS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MediaEditor is an extendable library for iOS that allows you to quickly and easily add image editing features to your app. You can edit single or multiple images, from the device's library or any other source. It has been designed to feel natural and part of the OS.
```

<p align="center">
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7040243/73460209-dd767d80-4356-11ea-9a04-dcc6b0b5e233.PNG" width="340">
</p>

# Features

> - [x] `PHAsset` support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x] [`PHAsset`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/photokit/phasset) support
```

> - [x] Plain `UIImage` support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x] Editing of Plain `UIImage`
```

> - [x] Support to remote images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x] Editing of remote images
```

- [x] Single media support
- [x] Multiple media support

> - [x] Portrait and landscape

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x] Editing in both portrait and landscape modes
```

- [x] Crop, zoom and rotate capability (thanks to [`TOCropViewController`](https://github.com/TimOliver/TOCropViewController))
- [x] Easily extendable

> - [x] Customizable

Reviewer: Are these the same thing? Or do you mean you can extend the functionality easily and the UI is customizable?

Author: The UI is customizable. But you can also choose what to display 🤔 

Maybe I should change that to "Customizable UI"?

Reviewer: I like that 👍

> ## Media Editor 101

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Usage
```

Reviewer: I feel like this section should be below installation. Thoughts?

Author: Since we have badges at the top that states that Carthage and Cocoapods are supported I feel like the user would be more interested in the syntax than how to install it.

Personally, I check the installation steps after I feel that I liked the library. And that includes the syntax.

Reviewer: Makes sense. Leave it as it is. 👍

Using `MediaEditor` is very simple, just give it the media and present from a `ViewController`:

```swift
let assets: [PHAsset] = [asset1, asset2, asset3]
let mediaEditor = MediaEditor(assets)
mediaEditor.edit(from: self, onFinishEditing: { images, actions in
    // images contains the returned images, edited or not
    // actions contains the actions made during this session
}, onCancel: {
    // User canceled
})
```

> This will present the MediaEditor and when the user finished it will return all the images. You can easily check if the image was changed by checking the `isEdited` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This presents the MediaEditor from the a `ViewController` with a callback that is called when the user is finished editing. 

You can easily determine if an image has been edited by checking the `isEdited` property of the objects returned in the `images` array.
```

> Also, `assets` can be a single or an array of: `PHAsset`, `UIImage` or any other entity that conforms to `AsyncImage`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can initialize the `MediaEditor` with a single or an array of: `PHAsset`, `UIImage` or any other entity that conforms to `AsyncImage`.
```

> ## Advanced examples in the Example app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## More Examples
```

> You can check advanced examples by running the Example app or going through their code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The included Example app for even more ways to use the MediaEditor:
```

> * Device Library: how to edit media from the device library and output them in a `UICollectionView`

Reviewer: No need for the 'How to' 

```suggestion
* Device Library: Edit media from the device library and output them in a `UICollectionView`
```

> * Remote Image: how to edit media that is remote, by conforming to the `AsyncImage` protocol and download high-quality images only when needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Remote Image: Edit media that is remotely hosted by conforming to the `AsyncImage` protocol and downloading high-quality images only when needed.
```

> * Plain UIImage: how to edit plain UIImage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Plain UIImage: Editing plain UIImage's
```

> * Extending by adding a Brightness capability: how to add your own brightness capability into the `MediaEditor`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Extending the `MediaEditor` capability by adding your own brightness extension
```

# Requirements

> * iOS 11.0 or above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* iOS 11.0+
```

* Swift 5

# Installation

### Cocoapods

Add the following to your Podfile:

```ruby
pod 'MediaEditor'
```

### Carthage

1. Add the following to your Cartfile:
```
github "wordpress-mobile/MediaEditor-iOS"
```

2. Run `carthage update`

3. From the `Carthage/Build` folder, import `MediaEditor.framework` and `TOCropViewController.framework` into your Xcode project.

4. Follow the remaining steps on [Getting Started with Carthage](https://github.com/Carthage/Carthage#getting-started) to finish integrating the framework.

> ### Manual

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Manual Installation
```

> All the source is located in `Sources/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> To manual install, copy this folder to your project and follow the steps to [manual install `TOCropViewController`](https://github.com/TimOliver/TOCropViewController/blob/master/README.md#installation) too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install manually copy the `Sources/` folder to your project and follow the steps to [manual install `TOCropViewController`](https://github.com/TimOliver/TOCropViewController/blob/master/README.md#installation) too.
```

## Contributing

Read our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn about reporting issues, contributing code, and more ways to contribute.

## Getting in Touch

If you have questions about getting setup or just want to say hi, join the [WordPress Slack](https://chat.wordpress.org) and drop a message on the `#mobile` channel.

## Author

WordPress, mobile@automattic.com

## License

> WPMediaPicker is available under the GPL license. See the [LICENSE file](./LICENSE) for more info.

Reviewer: `WPMediaPicker`?
